W-10984718-prMapErrorHandlers-duke (#2198)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/intro-error-handlers.adoc

== Error Mapping
Mule 4 now also allows for mapping default errors to custom ones. The Try scope is useful, but if you have several equal components and want to distinguish the errors of each one, using a Try on them can clutter your app. Instead, you can add error mappings to each component, meaning that all or certain kind of errors streaming from the component are mapped to another error of your choosing. If, for example, you are aggregating results from 2 APIs using an HTTP request component for each, you might want to distinguish between the errors of API 1 and API 2, since by default, their errors are the same.

> By mapping errors from the first request to a custom `APP:API_1` error and errors in the second request to `APP:API_2`, you route those errors to different handlers. The next example maps `HTTP:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR` to apply different handling policies if the APIs go down (propagating the error in the first API and handling it in the second API).

Author: ```suggestion
The mapping customizes error handling by routing errors from the first Request operation to error handler `APP:API_1` and routing errors from the second Request operation to `APP:API_2`. To apply different handling policies if the APIs go down, the following example maps `HTTP:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR` to different error handlers. One propagates the error if it comes from the first API. The other handles the error if it comes from the second API.
```

> The mapping customizes error handling by routing errors from the first Request operation to error handler `APP:API_1` and routing errors from the second Request operation to `APP:API_2`. To apply different handling policies if the APIs go down, the following example maps `HTTP:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR` to different error handlers. One propagates the error if it comes from the first API. The other handles the error if it comes from the second API.

Author: ```suggestion
Mapping enables you to customize error handling by routing errors to the appropriate error handler. The following example routes errors from the first Request operation to the error handler `APP:API_1` and routes errors from the second Request operation to `APP:API_2`. To apply different handling policies if the APIs go down, the example maps `HTTP:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR` to the error handlers. One mapping propagates the error if it comes from the first API. The other handles the error if it comes from the second API.
```

> Mapping enables you to customize error handling by routing errors to the appropriate error handler. The following example routes errors from the first Request operation to the error handler `APP:API_1` and routes errors from the second Request operation to `APP:API_2`. To apply different handling policies if the APIs go down, the example maps `HTTP:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR` to the error handlers. One mapping propagates the error if it comes from the first API. The other handles the error if it comes from the second API.

Author: ```suggestion
Mapping enables you to customize error handling by routing errors to the appropriate error handler. The following example routes errors from the first Request operation to the error handler `APP:API_1` and routes errors from the second Request operation to `APP:API_2`. To apply different handling policies if the APIs go down, the example maps `HTTP:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR` to the each error handler. One mapping propagates the error if it comes from the first API. The other handles the error if it comes from the second API.
```

> Mapping enables you to customize error handling by routing errors to the appropriate error handler. The following example routes errors from the first Request operation to the error handler `APP:API_1` and routes errors from the second Request operation to `APP:API_2`. To apply different handling policies if the APIs go down, the example maps `HTTP:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR` to the each error handler. One mapping propagates the error if it comes from the first API. The other handles the error if it comes from the second API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping enables you to customize error handling by routing errors to the appropriate error handler. The following example routes errors from the first Request operation to the error handler `APP:API_1` and routes errors from the second Request operation to `APP:API_2`. To apply different handling policies if the APIs go down, the example maps `HTTP:INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR` to each error handler. One mapping propagates the error if it comes from the first API. The other handles the error if it comes from the second API.
```
